While working with spring guitarist by default, there is no bass, but whatever it is.
Look at this, you are looking up there, look almost ADHD directly.
We are using our IPAs, les SDD or les students, whatever we can figure out.
But now let's say, if we want to have some bass part.
OK, so for example, up to localist ADHD, we want to help his buddies less EPA So let's see how to
do this.
Jump to his ideas.
Now, to set the best path for our spring guitarist says we need to set one property in our application,
what properties by look?
So here at the property is spring day to rest.
Not.
Biz, high hyphen, but equal to say, for example, slash API.
OK, this is the property we need to set.
For some reason, it is giving some error.
OK, let me rephrase.
Or close it and open again.
Yes, now we are good, OK, go to this property.
This is the best part and read this comment.
Miss Part two, we use it to by spring guitarist to expose repository resources.
OK, so it is using this best part while exposing the recipes.
Which one?
Using our repository in A.D. Glass, we are using that spring guitarist.
OK, let's close this one and I don't know what spring would application, so this will get started
on board.
880.
Dylan, that's some two browser now.
Hit this.
You are looking for what our application look almost ADHD in one of the previous lectures.
We have seen this right?
You did.
See, now we are getting four of why?
Because we have a change it up bass part.
OK, so that we need to add less IPA.
See, we got a response.
Let me zoom in.
OK, now this is our API is less API, less steady or less run.
So get whatever you configured.
Jump to Bossman now.
Try to hit this gear debut.
We should get port for sea.
We need to add Dobbies ports less API that we have configured.
OK, now we got proper response, OK?
All the rooms and this will be applicable for all the APIs, OK?
And so, for example, you have another security department.
There will be another entity, Glass Department or Java.
So you will be having IPRs likes less departments.
OK, so there also this will be applicable basically whatever it is, dpa is are being exposed to by
spring.
The Tories took a look at this comment.
You can read it again.
Spring guitarist is using this bass, but for all the apples it is exposing using all the entity, classes
and all the repositories.
OK, here just now we have one entity class student or Java, and that was ignored here.
So this is how you can configure a base pod while working with spinning that arrest.
That's all for now.
And we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.